https://codepen.io/madeveloper32/pen/mdPNawV
 1. What is Semantic HTML? This is a self explanatory element used for organizing content. It also enhances SEO.
    2. What is HTML used for? It is a mark-up language used for organizing content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It is used in conjuction with tags to supply data within an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 tag is for the main title/header. It can only be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. anchor tag and imgage tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The metadata.
    7. What is an id? It is a unique identifier to an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element in the body.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    10. What is a class? It is a selector that can be used to style multiple elements/group.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element in the body.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? right click, open in new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to describe an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? getElementById() 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Both are used for grouping HTML elements together, however a section is ia a semantic element while div does not convey any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading Style Sheets is used for styling html elements.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id is like a license (it is specific to an element. ex: <h2 id="main">). While class can be used for multiple elements (ex: <div class="images">).
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? period first, then the name of the class (ex: .main)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Used foe selecting elements with a specific parent. Elements that are not directly a child, are not selected. Ex: div + p, select and style every p element placed immediately after div elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? #div.sidebar a 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A keyword added to a selector to style a specific part of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? asterix (ex: *)
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //comment
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r. This is irreversible. 
    34. Why should I use version control? You can go back to a previous version for multiple purposes (for bug fixes, copies of previous versions for other projects, see details of changes over time)
    35. How often should I commit to github? everytime you make changes to a feature repo.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork-->copy url--> git clone--> cd --> create new branch-->!CODE!-->stage (add)-->commit (save)-->push to github-->!CODE-->stage(add)-->save (commit)-->push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
